Add support for JSON response capture (#2)
YieldStudio/nova-google-autocomplete: README.md

use YieldStudio\NovaGoogleAutocomplete\GoogleAutocomplete;

// This autocomplete field will return results that match a business name instead of address.
// All the same address data is still stored.
GoogleAutocomplete::make('Address')->placeType('establishment');
```

> ### Capturing JSON response
> 
> If you want to capture the entire response as a JSON object, you can use the `fromResponse()` helper instead of using `fromValues()`.
> This helper will capture the entire response containing all the requested values as a JSON string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Capturing all values as JSON

If you want to capture all requested values as a JSON object, you can use the `fromValuesAsJson()` helper instead of using `fromValue()`.
```

```php

> // Autocompelte field

Reviewer: typo: Autocomplete

GoogleAutocomplete::make('Location')
    ->countries('BE')
    ->withValues(['latitude', 'longitude', 'street_number', 'route', 'locality', 'administrative_area_level_1', 'country', 'postal_code'])

>     ->withMeta(['asJson' => true]),

Reviewer: This is not used ?

// Field that will capture de response object
AddressMetadata::make('Address')

>     ->fromResponse()

Reviewer: If what you want is not the raw answer from google, but the set of values, I suggest you call this method fromValues() or fromValuesAsJson() to stay consistent with the other method.

Author: `fromValuesAsJson` makes more sense indeed, changed the meta key as well to reflect this.

    ->invisible()
    ->onlyOnForms()
    ->resolveUsing(function () {
        return json_encode(optional($this->resource)->address);
    })
    ->fillUsing(function ($request, $model, $attribute, $requestAttribute) {
        if ($request->exists($requestAttribute)) {
            $model->{$attribute} = json_decode($request[$requestAttribute], true);
        }

>     }),

Reviewer: This can be directly added by fromResponse, what do you think ?

Author: Sure, I added it. I removed the bool argument as it wouldn't make sens to call it with `false` if we enforce the resolve & fill callbacks.
